SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/automations/how-can-i-set-up-automations-in-my-mighty-network
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 13:17 UTC

How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Automations
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
Triggers
Here is a full list of Triggers:
Here is a full list of Actions:
How Do Automations Work?
How to Create an Automation
Filters
Multiple Actions
Add Delays to Actions
Managing Automations
Here are some suggestions to try out!
Automations
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
Available on the Launch Plan and above, Automations let you automatically perform actions in your Mighty Network based on specific triggers.
You can use Automations to:
Unlock rewards like secret courses, challenges, or 1:1 calls
Open or close Event RSVPs
Invite or remove people from Spaces or Plans
Reward active members based on their engagement
Celebrate members who attend Events
…and much more!
​
Triggers
The triggers you have available depend on the Mighty Plan you’re on.
​
Here is a full list of Triggers:
Trigger What it Does Configuration Completed Lesson Fires when a member completes a Lesson with completion turned on. Select the Space and specific Lesson. Completed Section Fires when a member completes all visible Lessons (with completion turned on) in a Section . Select the Space and specific Section. Completed Quiz Fires when a member completes a quiz , including those requiring a passing score. Does not fire if the member fails. Select the Space and specific quiz. Failed Quiz Fires when a member fails a quiz that requires a passing score. — Completed Welcome Checklist Fires when a member completes the Welcome Checklist. — Responded to Custom Field Fires when a member submits a response to a Custom Field . “Any Response” triggers only once on the first response; “Specific Response” triggers when the response meets defined conditions. Select a Field; choose Any Response or Specific Response ; set conditions if needed. Removed Response to Custom Field Fires when a member removes their response to a Custom Field . Can trigger on entire response removal or specific conditions no longer being met. Select a Field; choose Entire Response or Specific Response . Joined Space Fires when a member joins a Space, including via a plan. Select the Space. Left Space Fires when a member leaves or is removed from a Space. — Joined the Network Fires when a member joins the Network, including via a plan. — Left the Network Fires when a member leaves or is removed from the Network. — Enabled Mobile Push Notifications Fires the first time a member enables mobile push notifications. — Signed in on Mobile App Fires the first time a member signs in on iOS or Android. — Member Inactive Fires when a member is inactive for a set number of days (based on Last Active). Sends to full and limited members. Select Entire Network or Space; set days (1–365). Purchased (or Accessed) Plan Fires when a member accesses a plan , including starting a free trial. Select the plan. Redeemed Promo Code Fires when a member redeems a promo code . — Converted Free Trial of Plan Fires when a trialing member completes payment. Select the plan. Canceled Subscription to Plan Fires when a member cancels a subscription (including canceling during a free trial). Select the plan; choose trialing (any / yes / no). Removed from Plan Fires when access to a plan ends due to cancellation, lapsed payment, or Host removal. Select the plan. Host Received Private Message Fires when a specific Host receives a private message. Select any Network Host. Commented on Post Fires when a member comments on a post. Growth Plan and up can choose “Any Post.” Select the Space and specific post (or Any Post). Answered Poll Fires when a member answers a Poll. Select the Space, Poll, and—if multiple choice—the answer (or any answer). Attended Livestream Fires when a member attends a livestream . Select Any Livestream, Network-wide, or Space-specific. RSVPed to Event Fires when a member RSVPs (Going / Maybe / Not Going). Select Space, event, and RSVP Status. Event Reached Number of RSVPs Fires once when total RSVPs meet the target number. Select Space; RSVP Status; condition (≥ or <); target number. Reached Number of Chat Messages in a Space Fires when total Chat messages in a Space reach a threshold. Applies individually for member actions or to the whole Space for group actions. Set message threshold. Reached Number of Contributions Fires when a member reaches a specified number of contributions. Select Entire Network or Space; target count; contribution types Posts
Comments and Answers
Poll Votes
RSVPs
Reactions
Space Chat Messages (including replies)
Reached Ambassador Level Fires when a member reaches a specific Ambassador Level . Select the level (Gold, Silver, Bronze). Added Badge Fires when a member receives a Badge . — Removed Badge Fires when a Badge is removed from a member. — Added Tag Fires when a Tag is added to a member. — Removed Tag Fires when a Tag is removed from a member. — Reached Streak Milestone Fires when a member reaches a streak milestone . Select one or multiple milestones. Reached Leaderboard Fires when a member earns a spot on a leaderboard Select Leaderboard Type
- Recognitions Received
- Top Recognizer
Select Community Value
Select Rank (up to 10) Reached Number of Points Fires the first time someone earns a specific number of points Select Target Number of Points
Note: _ This trigger fires once per automation when a member’s points meet or exceed
the number you set. It’s not retroactive, and it won’t fire again if a member later drops below
the threshold and reaches it again._ Added Custom Profile Photo Fires the first time someone adds a custom profile photo Member Milestone Fires the first time someone reaches a specific milestone since joining Select
- Entire Network
- Specific Space
Select Days Since Joining (between 1-1200)
Note: _ This trigger fires once per automation when a member reaches the milestone
based on their join date and timezone.
Checks run multiple times per day (about every 3 hours). Members who already passed the
milestone before the automation was created, won’t trigger it._
​
Here is a full list of Actions:
Action What It Does Configuration Add Badge Adds a specific Badge to a member. Members receive email, in-app, and mobile push notifications (if enabled). Select the Badge. Remove Badge Removes a specific Badge from a member. Select the Badge. Add Tag Adds a specific Tag to a member. Members do not receive a notification. Select the Tag. Remove Tag Removes a specific Tag from a member. Select the Tag. Display Pop-Up (with Optional Confetti) Shows a pop-up with optional confetti animation, an image or external video, and an optional button. Appears on web and mobile. Add Title (required), Description, Confetti (optional), image or video, and optional CTA button/link. Send Private Message Sends a private message to a member. Select the sender (any Network Host) and write the message. Welcome New Member Sends an automated welcome message when someone joins. Includes limited members. — Add to Network Adds limited members to the Network immediately, skipping the invite flow. — Add to Space(s) Adds full members to one or more Spaces immediately, skipping the invite flow. Select Space(s). Invite to Space Sends a Space invite to a member. Select the Space, sender (any Network Host), and optional message. Remove from Space Removes a member from a Space immediately (excluding Spaces included in a plan). Select the Space. Invite to Plan Sends a plan invite to a member. Select the plan, sender (any Network Host), and optional message. Remove from Plan Removes a member from a plan. Select the plan and removal timing (immediately or end of billing cycle). Close Event RSVPs Disables RSVPs for an Event. Select the Space and event. Open Event RSVPs Enables RSVPs for an Event. Select the Space and event. Award Points Awards points to a member. Enter point amount.
​
How Do Automations Work?
Each Automation includes two parts:
Trigger — What starts the Automation (e.g., a member completes a quiz or joins a Space)
Action — What happens next (e.g., award a badge or send a message)
Note: Automations only apply from the moment they’re created. They do not work retroactively, except for the Member Inactive trigger, which applies based on general inactivity.
​
How to Create an Automation
Go to Admin > Automation > Create Automation — the direct path is /admin/automation .
Give your Automation a clear, descriptive name.
Choose a Trigger (when something happens).
Choose an Action (what you want to happen).
Click Create — and your Automation goes live!
​
Filters
You can filter Triggers by selecting the ”+” icon under Triggers:
Audience Filters — Launch plan and up - available on all Triggers except Event Reached Number of RSVPs .
AI Filters — Growth plan and up - available on Commented on Post and Host Received Private Message .
​
Multiple Actions
Available on the Launch plan and up, you can add up to 3 actions to a single Trigger.
Each action can include its own delay. They will run independently, so a failure in one won’t stop the others.
​
Add Delays to Actions
You can delay when an Action happens. Choose from:
Immediately
After 1, 3, 5, 10, or 30 minutes
After 1 hour
After 1 day
Here are a few examples of how you can use the delay feature:
Welcome and Introductions: Delay introducing new members to Spaces or upcoming events, giving them time to settle in and complete their Welcome Checklist .
Staggered Onboarding: Create a phased onboarding experience by revealing resources or sending follow-up messages at specific intervals to avoid overwhelming new members.
Course Completion Badges: Delay awarding a course completion badge to allow for review or a special congratulatory message.
​
Managing Automations
You can manage existing Automations using the three-dot menu next to each Automation:
View/Edit – Update any details.
Pause/Activate – Temporarily stop or resume the Automation.
View Logs – See up to 200 logs from the past 48 hours (includes timestamps, member names, and actions).
Delete – Permanently remove the Automation.
You can also search , filter , and sort Automations by:
Status: Active, Paused, Suspended, or Disabled
Space: View Automations tied to specific Spaces
Date Created or Name (A–Z or Z–A)
To see Automations for a specific Space: Go to the three-dot menu > More > View Automation Workflows .
​
Here are some suggestions to try out!
Award engagement on a post
Trigger: Comment on Post
Action: Add a Badge
Close Event RSVPs after the maximum number has been reached.
Trigger: Event Reached Number of RSVPs
Action: Close Event RSVPs
Track your members who convert from a free trial
Trigger: Converted Free Trial of Plan
Action: Add Tag
Offer a Badge to members who complete quizzes
Trigger: Completed Quiz
Action: Add Badge
Reach out to members who cancel to increase retention
Trigger: Canceled Subscription to Plan
Action: Send Private Message
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support