SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/setting-up-your-network/how-do-i-create-and-manage-my-spaces
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 13:17 UTC

How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
Looking for guidance? Chat with Cohost!
Create a Space
Space Settings
Setup
Basics
Privacy
Space Branding
Space Features
Content Highlights
Members
Invites
Moderation
Plans
Managing Spaces Duplicating a Space
Choose What to Duplicate
Reorder and Move Spaces
Deleting Spaces
Archiving Spaces Bulk Archiving
Bulk Unarchiving
Activity Indicators
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
You can create a Space that’s a course, group, resource library, chat Space, event , or something completely custom.
​
Looking for guidance? Chat with Cohost!
It will help you name and even create your new Space.
​
Create a Space
You can create a new Space in a few ways:
Select the “Create a Space” icon at the bottom of the left-hand navigation.
Go to a Collection where you’d like to add a Space and select three-dot menu > Create a Space .
From Admin: Go to Admin > Spaces & Navigation > Spaces > Create Space .
Each option will take you to the Choose a Space Template page. To learn more, check out What Kinds of Space Templates Are Available? .
Space creation happens in the background, so you can continue working while your Space is being set up. You’ll receive a push notification and an email when the Space is ready.
By default, new Spaces are visible only to logged-in members until you choose a privacy setting or add a payment option for access.
​
Space Settings
After creating a Space, you can manage its settings in two ways:
From inside a Space:
Go to the Space you want to manage.
Click the manage button in the top-right corner.
From the left navigation panel:
Hover over the Space name.
Click the three-dot menu next to it.
​
Setup
​
Basics
In Basics , you can update your Space name, tagline, description, and the Collection where the Space lives.
Space Name: up to 40 characters
Space Tagline: up to 100 characters
Space Description: up to 10,000 characters
You can also delete the Space from this section.
​
Privacy
Each new Space starts as Invite-Only . You can adjust this in Privacy & Access .
To learn more, see How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
To charge for access, see How Do I Create a Plan?
To invite members, see How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
​
Space Branding
Space Hosts and Space moderators can customize the design of a Space with a custom color, logo, image, or video. Learn more.
​
Space Features
You can add, remove, rename, and reorder Space features such as Course , Feed , and Chat
Learn more
​
Content Highlights
As a Space Host, you can set up a Welcome Section or Featured Section that appears to the right of the Space Feed (if the Feed feature is enabled).
You can also display a Highlighted Hashtag List in this same area.
These sections can include pinned posts such as polls, articles, questions, and events.
To add or reorder posts:
Go to your Space on web.
Use the three-dot menu next to a post or event to pin it to feature it.
To reorder posts, go to Space Admin > Content Highlights and drag and drop posts into your preferred order.
​
Members
In Member Space Admin , you can:
View and manage the member list .
Download the list (available on the Scale Plan or higher).
Use Bulk Actions to send messages , add or remove badges , and manage tags .
As a Space Host, you can also:
View member email addresses.
Click the eyeball icon to view privacy reminders or unhide emails.
​
Invites
From here, you can invite members , manage your sent invites , and approve any requests to join your Space.
​
Moderation
You can manage your reported content from here.
​
Plans
Create and manage Plans from here. For more details, see How Do I Create a Plan?
​
Managing Spaces
​
Duplicating a Space
You can duplicate a Space to quickly create a copy of its setup and structure.
Hover over the Space in the left navigation panel.
Click the three-dot menu > Manage > More > Duplicate .
You’ll see a summary of what will be duplicated:
Space Settings:
All Space details (like branding and taglines) will be copied except for the Space’s name and privacy settings.
The duplicate will be renamed [Copy] Space Name .
Only logged-in members can view or search for it.
Plans connected to the original Space will not be duplicated.
Feed: All Feed display settings will copy. You’ll choose how to handle posts in the next step.
Course: The Overview, Lessons, and Sections will be duplicated and set to hidden . Comments and reactions will not be copied.
Members: Hosts and moderators will be added automatically, but members will not.
Page: All page settings and content will copy, but comments and reactions will not.
Events: All event settings will copy. You’ll choose which events to duplicate. Duplicated events become drafts .
Chat: All chat settings will copy, but chat messages will not.
Discovery: All Discovery settings will copy, but Featured and Welcome Sections may not include content that wasn’t duplicated.
​
Choose What to Duplicate
On the next page, you’ll decide how to handle posts in your duplicated Space, including Quick Posts, Polls and Questions, Articles, and Events.
You can choose to:
Not duplicate any posts
Duplicate all Host and Moderator posts
Duplicate all posts
Comments, reactions, event RSVPs, poll answers, drafts, and scheduled posts will not be duplicated.
After you make your selections, you’ll see an indicator showing that the Space is duplicating.
Once finished, you’ll receive both a push notification and an email confirming the duplication is complete.
​
Reorder and Move Spaces
You can reorder how Spaces appear to members in the left-hand navigation.
Go to Admin > Spaces & Navigation > Collection List .
Hover over a Collection > three-dot menu > Manage Collection > Space Order > Reorder Spaces .
Drag and drop Spaces into your preferred order.
You can also use the three-dot menu next to a Space to move it to the Top or Bottom of the list.
To move a Space to a Different Collection
Select the three dot menu next to the Space: Move Space > Change Collection
When you move a Space to a different Collection, all of its content — including feed posts, events, and chat messages — moves with it. The Space may take a few moments to fully appear in the new Collection as the system updates.
For managing Collections, check out How Do I Create and Manage My Collections? .
​
Deleting Spaces
To delete a Space:
Open the three-dot menu > More > Delete .
Confirm when prompted.
Important:
Deletion cannot be undone. If you prefer to hide the Space instead, consider archiving it.
If the Space is part of a plan, you’ll see a pop-up confirming that deletion will remove access for all members.
If it’s the only Space in a plan (and the plan doesn’t include the Network), you must deactivate the plan before deleting the Space.
​
Archiving Spaces
Archiving hides a Space from view without deleting its content.
To archive a Space:
Click the three-dot menu > Archive .
Confirm when prompted.
Archived Spaces appear greyed out in Admin > Spaces & Navigation > Space List .
You can unarchive in the three dot menu to restore it.
Archived Spaces can’t be deleted until they’re unarchived.
Collections with archived Spaces can’t be deleted.
When a Space is archived:
All content, including posts and interactions, becomes inaccessible to all current members.
Spaces that are part of a plan are removed from it and plan members lose access.
The last Space in a Bundle will be skipped from archiving.
The Space is still visible in your Admin.
You can unarchive the Space at any time.
Auto-join settings remain active for archived Spaces. However, if a Space’s privacy is changed to a non-joinable setting (such as Invite-Only), auto-join is automatically turned off to maintain consistency.
Notifications are cleared and won’t return when unarchived.
Infinite Question Engine Auto-Post is disabled and scheduled IQE posts are canceled. You will need to re-enable Auto-Post manually after unarchiving.
​
Bulk Archiving
You can archive multiple Spaces at once:
Go to Admin > Spaces & Navigation > Space List .
Select the Spaces you want to archive using the checkboxes.
Choose Bulk Actions > Archive .
Confirm when prompted.
Spaces that are part of a plan will be removed from it and plan members will lose access. The last Space in a Bundle will be skipped from the bulk archive
You will receive an email and in-app notification when the bulk archive finishes. If any Spaces could not be archived, you will receive a failure notification.
​
Bulk Unarchiving
You can unarchive multiple Spaces at once:
Go to Admin > Spaces & Navigation > Space List .
Filter for Archived Spaces.
Select the Spaces you would like to unarchive using the checkboxes.
Choose Bulk Actions > Unarchive .
You will receive an email and in-app notification when the bulk unarchive finishes. If any Spaces could not be unarchived, you will receive a failure notification.
​
Activity Indicators
Each Space includes activity indicators to help you and your members stay up to date:
Pulsing circle (“hint”): Appears on Auto Join Spaces when a member is added.
Number badge: Shows new chat messages.
Bold or half circle: Indicates new posts or interactions.
Square with a dot (iOS): Indicates unseen chat messages.
White circle on menu (iOS): Indicates unseen Space activity.
Tip: Viewing content in the Global Feed won’t clear the activity indicator until you also view it inside the Space.
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support