SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/admin-and-moderation/can-i-use-my-own-web-domain-with-mighty-networks
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 13:18 UTC

Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Admin and Moderation
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
Step 1: Buy Your Domain
Step 2: Choose How You Want Members to Access Your Community
Step 3: Add Your Record with Your Domain Provider
Step 4: Activate Your Domain in Mighty Networks
Step 5 (Optional): Set Up a Redirect
FAQs
How to Disconnect Your Custom Domain
Admin and Moderation
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
One of our most popular features is Custom Domain Mapping . This lets you use your own web address instead of the default networkname.mn.co when people visit your Mighty Network on the web. It also helps your search rankings and SEO.
👉 To use a custom domain, start a Free Trial or upgrade your Mighty Network to the Launch Plan or higher .
👉 On the Growth Plan or higher , you can also set up a Custom Email Domain .
If you run into issues with these steps, please contact support with your full subdomain from Step 1 and screenshots of your settings from Step 2.
​
Step 1: Buy Your Domain
Before you connect anything, you need to own a domain name .
A domain name is the web address people type in (like mycommunity.com).
If you don’t already have one, you’ll need to purchase a domain from a provider of your choice. These are some popular options:
GoDaddy
Namecheap
Google Domains
Hover
DNSimple
When you buy a domain, you choose both the name and the ending (for example: example.com, example.net, or example.org).
This will be known as your root domain.
Once you buy your domain, you’re ready to follow the steps below to connect it so that it points to your Mighty Network.
​
Step 2: Choose How You Want Members to Access Your Community
Now, decide what you want your members to type when they visit your Mighty Network on the web. This choice determines which record you’ll set up.
👉 Important: You only set up one or the other (A Record or CNAME) of the below options. If you want both, you need to first choose one. Then, follow instructions with your domain provider to set up a redirect that points to the other.
Members only need to type your root domain, like mycommunity.com.
This is the simplest experience because no prefix is required.
If someone types www.mycommunity.com , it will not work unless you add a redirect later.
Members need to type your root domain with a prefix , like www.mycommunity.com or members.mycommunity.com.
Only that specific subdomain will work.
If someone types just mycommunity.com, it will not work unless you add a redirect later.
Members can type either just your root domain (mycommunity.com) or your root domain with a prefix ( www.mycommunity.com ) and still reach your Network.
To make this happen:
Set up one option (root or subdomain).
Add a redirect in your domain provider so the other version points to it.
⚠️ Please note: Some providers, like Bluehost , don’t allow redirects. If you want both, you’ll need to use a different provider.
​
Step 3: Add Your Record with Your Domain Provider
The exact steps vary depending on your provider (i.e. GoDaddy, Namecheap, Hover, DNSimple, etc.). Here’s what you’ll enter:
Host/Name: @
Points to/Target: Add two A Records, one for each IP:
147.185.161.77
147.185.161.78
(Some providers let you enter both IPs into one record. If so, that works too.)
The above screenshot is an example in GoDaddy.
Host/Name: Just the prefix you chose (for example, www or members)
Points to/Target: ssl.mn.co
🔎 Example: members.mycommunity.com → CNAME → ssl.mn.co
Note for Cloudflare users: Set Proxy Status to DNS Only .
The above screenshot is an example in GoDaddy.
​
Step 4: Activate Your Domain in Mighty Networks
Log into your Mighty Network.
Go to Admin > Integrations > Custom Network Domain > Use Your Own Domain .
Enter the domain you set up:
If you used a CNAME (subdomain): type the full subdomain (e.g. members.mycommunity.com).
If you used A Records (root domain): type only the root (e.g. mycommunity.com).
Save and wait. DNS changes may take a few hours to update. The mapping will take some time to finish, but you don’t need to stay on the page. We’ll send you a notification once it’s complete.
Once complete, return to the same page and click Activate Your Domain .
Depending on the domain provider that you use (i.e., Namecheap), it may take a couple of hours for the domain to activate. If your domain hasn’t been accepted within 48 hours, please reach out to us directly and we’ll work with you to complete this process.
Please note that subdirectories such as “example.com/subdirectory” are not currently supported.
​
Step 5 (Optional): Set Up a Redirect
If you want both the root and subdomain versions of your domain to work — meaning that members can type either mycommunity.com or www.mycommunity.com (or another prefix you chose) and still be directed to your Mighty Network — you’ll need to set up a redirect with your domain provider.
For example:
If you set up an A Record (mycommunity.com), you can redirect www.mycommunity.com so both work.
If you set up a CNAME Record ( www.mycommunity.com ), you can redirect mycommunity.com so both work.
Redirect setup differs by provider. GoDaddy makes this easy in the Forwarding section (below the DNS settings).
Change the dropdown to https://
Paste the custom domain you set up (A Record or CNAME)
Choose Permanent 301 Redirect
Select Forward Only
⚠️ Some providers (like Wix) don’t support redirects directly. In that case, you may need to use a third-party redirect service such as EasyRedir .
⚠️ Bluehost does not support redirects. If you want both root + subdomain, you’ll need to change providers.
​
FAQs
Do I need both an A Record and a CNAME? No. You only set up one, depending on whether you want to use a root domain or a subdomain.
Which option is easier? Most Hosts find using a subdomain (CNAME) easier, especially if they already use their root domain for a separate website.
What happens to my default mn.co links? Any yourname.mn.co links will continue to work — they’ll automatically redirect to your custom domain.
What happens to Invite Share Links I sent under the default mn.co domain once I set up a custom domain? Invite links created with your mn.co domain will still work after you switch to a custom domain. The original mn.co address will remain active and redirect to your new custom domain.
What about bookmarks to my mn.co domain? Any bookmarks pointing to your mn.co domain will redirect to your new custom domain.
What happens if I switch from one custom domain to another? Links and bookmarks from your old custom domain will not redirect to the new one. It’s best to send new invites and update any shared links after you make the switch.
​
How to Disconnect Your Custom Domain
If you’d like to remove your custom domain and return to your default yourname.mn.co address, reach out to our team using the “Need Help?” button in the bottom right corner of your Mighty Network when you’re logged in on the web .
If you can’t access your Mighty Network on the web, you can also email us at chat@mightynetworks.com and we’ll help you reset your domain.
How Does Search Work?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support