SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-members/engage-and-interact/what-are-streaks-and-recognitions
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 13:18 UTC

How Do Streaks, Recognitions and the Leaderboard Work? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Engage and Interact
How Do Streaks, Recognitions and the Leaderboard Work?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Explore Mighty
What is a Mighty Network?
How Do I Join a Mighty Network?
Where Can I Get Help?
Can I Access My Mighty Network from an App?
I Want To Become a Host. How Do I Do That?
Does Mighty Networks Sell My Data?
Engage and Interact
How Do I Post in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Use Hashtags in My Mighty Network?
How Do I RSVP and Attend Events as a Member?
How Does the Feed Work?
How Do I Create Events as a Member?
My Host is Going Live—Where Do I Watch Them?
How Do Streaks, Recognitions and the Leaderboard Work?
How Do I Set My Preferred Language?
How Do I Chat With Other Members?
Can I Connect My AI Assistant to My Network?
How Do I Join a Waitlist?
Account and Purchases
How Do I Manage My Personal Settings?
How Do I Set or Reset My Password?
How Do I Update My Billing Information?
How Do I Manage My Membership or Space Purchases?
How Do I Purchase a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Leave a Mighty Network?
Why Can't I Log In to My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Member?
How Can I Get Technical Support as a Member?
Browser and Device Support
On this page
Streaks and Streak Milestones
Points, Recognitions and Community Values
Leaderboard How the Leaderboard works
When the Leaderboard updates
Engage and Interact
How Do Streaks, Recognitions and the Leaderboard Work?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
As a member, you may have noticed some fun gamification features in your Mighty Network!
If you don’t see these, check with your Host about enabling them.
​
Streaks and Streak Milestones
Streaks allow you to track your daily visits to your Mighty Network!
On the web, streaks appear within the Gamification icon (next to the upper-right invite icon). On mobile, streaks appear within the profile area in the bottom tab.
The two types of streak data shown are:
Current Streak: the current number of days in a row you’ve signed in at least once
Max Streak: your longest streak to date
When you hit a streak milestone, an emoji will appear next to your name on posts, comments, chat, and your profile.
The streak milestones are:
3 day ⭐
7 day 🔥
14 day 🚀
30 day ⚡
45 day 🎉
60 day 💎
90 day 🏅
180 day 🏆
365 day 👑
We also display a weekly calendar view showing members the days they recently visited your Mighty Network.
Selecting “See More” will take you to your profile where you will see a full calendar of your streak milestones. This is public to you and everyone else in your Network.
You can toggle the calendar off per profile by going to Personal Settings > Streaks and toggle off the “Public Streak Calendar”
Streak Notifications
If you have at least a 2-day streak and have not signed in by 2pm in your local timezone, you will receive a push notification on your mobile device reminding you to sign in and continue your streak.
​
Points, Recognitions and Community Values
In addition to streaks you can earn 10 points every day you visit your Mighty Network. You can use points to recognize other people for embodying the 5 Community values that your Host has set up.
You will see points available to you in the game icon in the upper right corner as well as any recognitions you have received.
You can click “See All” to view all the Recognitions you have received and given.
You can recognize a particular post, comment, chat, or person by hovering over their profile photo and selecting “Recognize”.
After “Recognize” is selected there is a confirmation of “Sent Recognition” and the person that has been recognized is notified.
Selecting that notification will take them to a page where they can say thanks or view the content where they were recognized. If there was an additional note added, it will appear here as well.
“Say Thanks” will open a new direct message with the member.
​
Leaderboard
The Leaderboard highlights members who receive the most recognition for each Community Value in your Mighty Network.
It’s a simple way to see who’s showing up, contributing, and shaping the culture of the community.
There’s also a Top Recognizers leaderboard, which highlights members who give the most recognition to others.
​
How the Leaderboard works
The Leaderboard ranks members based on the recognitions they receive from others in the Network.
Here’s what to expect:
You’ll see the top 10 members for each Community Value
Rankings are cumulative , based on total recognitions received
In the case of a tie, the member who reached that total first ranks higher
Rankings include members, moderators, and Hosts
​
When the Leaderboard updates
The Leaderboard refreshes every Monday at 7am PT .
At that time:
Members on the Leaderboard receive a notification (based on their notification settings)
Other members may receive a notification to check out the latest rankings
You can manage these notifications in Personal Settings > Notifications .
My Host is Going Live—Where Do I Watch Them?
How Do I Set My Preferred Language?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support