SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/payments-and-access/how-do-i-manage-members-access-to-spaces-and-the-network
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 12:58 UTC

How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Payments and Access
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
Managing Access with Inviting
Managing Access with Plans
Managing Access with Direct Add and Remove
Members Leaving the Network and Spaces
Removing a Member from a Plan Removal at the Billing Period end occurs when:
Immediate removal occurs when:
After removal:
Removing a Member From a Space or Network (when not on a Plan) Remove a member from a Space
Remove a member from your Network
Payments and Access
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
This article covers how Hosts and moderators can give and remove access to Spaces and the Network.
On Mighty, the Privacy & Access Settings of your Network or Space determine how members access it.
The options include:
Invite-only : An invitation is required to join
Anyone Can Join : Anyone can join the Network, or any Network member can join the Space
Accessible through Plans : Members join a plan to get access to the Network and/or Spaces
Note: A Network or Space can be set to Anyone Can Join and be Accessible through Plans at the same time, but these options cannot be combined with Invite-only access.
​
Managing Access with Inviting
If your Network or Space is set to Invite-only , inviting is how you grant access, because an invite serves as a single-use token and is the only way to join. An invitee must accept the invite to join.
If your Network or Space is not set to Invite-only , inviting is simply a tool to make people aware that your Network or Space exists and that you want them to join.
If the Network or Space is set to Anyone Can Join , the invitee can choose whether to accept and join.
If the Network or Space is Accessible through Plans , the invitee sees the option to join via plan, which typically requires approval, answering questions, or making a payment. The invite does not serve as a token granting access.
Invite to Plan is a separate invitation type that serves as a single-use invitation to a plan. The invitee still needs to answer questions or make a payment if the plan requires it, but they do not need approval to join.
​
Managing Access with Plans
Because they offer so much functionality, plans are the best way to control who can access your Mighty Network and/or Spaces.
To give members access to a plan, you can either send them a link to a specific plan or use Invite to Plan . Plans can also appear on your landing pages.
You can also:
Move members between plans. Click here to learn more.
Remove members from plans manually (scroll down for steps), and via automations , Zapier , and Mighty’s API .
​
Managing Access with Direct Add and Remove
To bypass inviting and plan flows, you can directly add full members to a Space or to multiple Spaces, and you can add limited members to the Network. You cannot directly add members to a plan except through Mighty’s API. Click here to learn more about Direct Add.
You can also remove members from Spaces or the Network manually (scroll down for steps), and via automations , Zapier , and Mighty’s API .
Note: While members are free to delete or deactivate their membership in your Network, or cancel a plan that gives them access to the Network or Spaces, they cannot leave a Space that grants access only via a plan, or leave a free, non-paid, or one-time purchase plan.
​
Members Leaving the Network and Spaces
There are restrictions on members’ ability to leave a Space if the Space is part of a plan.
Members cannot cancel a free, non-paid, or one-time purchase plan.
Members cannot leave a Space that only grants access via a plan.
Members can cancel a subscription plan that gives them access to the Network or Spaces.
Members can delete or deactivate their membership in your Network.
​
Removing a Member from a Plan
To remove a member from a plan:
Go to Admin > Plans > Plan List .
Select the plan name .
Open the Members tab.
Select the three-dot menu next to the member’s name > More > Remove from Plan .
You can choose whether to remove them immediately or at the end of the billing period .
​
Removal at the Billing Period end occurs when:
A Host removes a member from a subscription plan and chooses for it to occur at the end of the billing period .
​
Immediate removal occurs when:
A Host removes a member from a subscription plan and chooses for it to occur immediately .
A Host removes a member from a Free , Non-Paid , or One-Time Purchase plan.
​
After removal:
The member immediately loses access to the Spaces or Network included in that plan.
Billing stops automatically (if applicable), and no refunds are given.
They remain in your Network’s member list unless they leave or you remove them.
If the plan you remove them from includes Network access, they’ll lose access and be removed from your member list.
Note: Members marked Pending – Payment cannot be removed until the plan is fully deactivated.
​
Removing a Member From a Space or Network (when not on a Plan)
If someone has access to a Space or your Network and is not on a plan, you can remove them manually.
​
Remove a member from a Space
Go to the Space Admin (gear icon)
Navigate to the Member List .
Select the three-dot menu next to the member’s name > Remove from Space .
​
Remove a member from your Network
Go to Admin
Navigate to the Member List
Select the three-dot menu next to the member’s name > Remove from Everything .
Removing someone from a Space only removes access to that Space. Removing them from everything will remove all access they have.
Click here to learn how to remove and ban members.
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support