SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-members/explore-mighty/what-is-a-mighty-network
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 12:58 UTC

What is a Mighty Network? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Explore Mighty
What is a Mighty Network?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Explore Mighty
What is a Mighty Network?
How Do I Join a Mighty Network?
Where Can I Get Help?
Can I Access My Mighty Network from an App?
I Want To Become a Host. How Do I Do That?
Does Mighty Networks Sell My Data?
Engage and Interact
How Do I Post in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Use Hashtags in My Mighty Network?
How Do I RSVP and Attend Events as a Member?
How Does the Feed Work?
How Do I Create Events as a Member?
My Host is Going Live—Where Do I Watch Them?
How Do Streaks, Recognitions and the Leaderboard Work?
How Do I Set My Preferred Language?
How Do I Chat With Other Members?
Can I Connect My AI Assistant to My Network?
How Do I Join a Waitlist?
Account and Purchases
How Do I Manage My Personal Settings?
How Do I Set or Reset My Password?
How Do I Update My Billing Information?
How Do I Manage My Membership or Space Purchases?
How Do I Purchase a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Leave a Mighty Network?
Why Can't I Log In to My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Member?
How Can I Get Technical Support as a Member?
Browser and Device Support
On this page
Ready to build your own community?
Explore Mighty
What is a Mighty Network?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
A Mighty Network is a community first. You can add courses, chat, memberships, Spaces, events, and livestreaming—it all depends on the world your Host wants to build with you.
One of the best examples (we’re biased) is our own Mighty Network, Mighty Community .
Mighty Community is the world’s largest free community for people building communities, memberships, and courses. It’s also a teaching community where we model how to build a thriving community and how to use key Mighty features like Livestreams , Courses , Spaces , and Events .
It’s free to join and explore. And it’s just one example—there are hundreds of thousands of successful Mighty Networks.
You can explore more stories on our website to see how others are building with Mighty. You’re in great company as a member and joining millions of others. If you want the story behind our philosophy and what we’re building, visit our website .
​
Ready to build your own community?
Take a look at “ I Want to Become a Host. How Do I Do That?”
How Do I Join a Mighty Network?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support