SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/payments-and-access/can-i-set-up-questions-and-approval-for-my-members
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 12:58 UTC

Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Payments and Access
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
Step 1: Add Screening Questions and Approval
Step 2: Set Up Screening Questions
Step 3: Configure Pricing and Additional Settings
Step 4: Finish and Make the Plan Visible
Member Experience
If an Approval Gate is enabled
If only the Questions Gate is enabled
If only an Approval Gate is enabled
Collections and About Pages
Invitations
Host-Initiated Plan Moves
Managing Approvals and Answers
Notes
Space Hosts
When a Member’s Request Is Declined
Decline reasons
Next steps for the member
Free Trials With Screening Questions and Approval
Payments and Access
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
Yes, you can!
When setting up a plan on the web or mobile, you can add Required Screening Questions and Approval Gates .
To get started, create a new plan by going to Admin > Plans > Plan List and selecting the + icon.
To learn more about the first steps for setting up a plan, check out this article.
​
Step 1: Add Screening Questions and Approval
On the Gates page of plan setup, you’ll see options for Screening Questions and Approval . Each gate can be toggled on independently, which gives you several combinations:
Screening Questions only: The member answers the questions and can purchase immediately.
Approval only: The member must be approved before they can purchase.
Screening Questions + Approval: The member answers questions and must be approved before purchasing.
​
Step 2: Set Up Screening Questions
On the next page, you’ll add Screening Questions:
You can create up to five custom questions.
Each question can be marked Required or Optional .
Members answer in a text field (max 500 characters).
The format is currently long-form text only . Multiple choice is not available.
Every plan must include at least one required default question . This cannot be removed.
You can download question responses from the Plan Member Download list.
​
Step 3: Configure Pricing and Additional Settings
Further down the page, you’ll set up:
Whether the plan is free or paid
Whether it’s a one-time purchase or a subscription
Which platforms the plan appears on
Whether you want to offer a Free Trial
If you want to create a plan with out a payment gate  that skips checkout entirely, see this article.
For help understanding all plan options, review this article .
​
Step 4: Finish and Make the Plan Visible
Select Finish to create the plan.
In the upper right corner, toggle the plan to Visible so members can purchase it.
Here is a step-by-step tutorial on creating a plan with these features.
​
Member Experience
After you create a plan, you can choose where it appears.
Go to the plan’s settings ( Admin > Plans > Plan List > select plan ) and open the Visibility & Sharing tab.
If the member doesn’t have an account yet, they will be prompted to create one.
They create an account by adding their name, email, and password.
They are prompted to add a profile photo.
Next, they answer your Screening Questions.
After submitting answers, they can edit them if needed.
​
If an Approval Gate is enabled
After the member submits their answers, they will see a Pending Approval screen.
Once approved by a Host:
They receive an email notification.
They can return to the plan and see that their status has changed.
They click Confirm Payment to finalize their purchase.
Note: Members receive one approval email. Additional reminder emails are not sent.
​
If only the Questions Gate is enabled
Members go straight to the purchase page after answering the questions.
​
If only an Approval Gate is enabled
Members see the Pending Approval screen after creating their account and adding a profile photo.
​
Collections and About Pages
When plans are visible in a Collection or on a Space/Network About Page:
Members see Choose Plan .
They answer Screening Questions (if enabled).
They see the Approval screen (if enabled).
Once approved, they can click Confirm Payment .
They are taken to the payment screen.
If only Screening Questions are enabled, members go directly to the purchase page. If only Approval is enabled, they wait on the Pending Approval screen.
If someone is invited directly to a Space, they are still required to answer screening questions and/or be approved to join.
​
Invitations
If someone is invited to your Mighty Network or Spaces via an invite link, they will also complete Screening Questions and/or Approval, if enabled.
​
Host-Initiated Plan Moves
When a Host moves a member to a different plan via Admin > Plans > Plan List , screening questions and approval gates on the destination plan are bypassed . The member is moved directly without being required to answer screening questions or receive approval, even if those gates are enabled on the destination plan. If you need members to complete screening questions or approval, have them request access through the standard checkout flow or an invite link instead. Learn more about how members move between plans .
​
Managing Approvals and Answers
When someone requests approval to join a plan:
Hosts receive an email and in-app notification .
You can view responses by going to Admin > Plans > Plan List , selecting the plan, and opening the Members tab.
​
Notes
Approval requests do not expire . They remain until you approve or deny them.
The approval email includes the member’s name, the plan, and a direct link to review.
The in-app notification also takes you directly to the Members tab.
You can also access the Members tab anytime by going to Admin > Plans > Plan List and selecting the plan.
​
Space Hosts
Space Hosts can view and approve Screening Questions only for plans that include the Space they host.
​
When a Member’s Request Is Declined
If a request is declined:
The member receives an email notification with a See Status button.
The button takes them to the plan’s About Page, where they will see:
A See Status button (top right)
A Membership Status banner
Clicking either shows the declined status.
​
Decline reasons
If the Host selects a reason, it will appear in the member’s view. Options include:
Responses were insufficient
Responses violated community guidelines
Other (with a custom explanation)
If the Host selects I do not wish to answer , the member will see a simple “Request to Join Declined” message.
​
Next steps for the member
Members can:
Select Close to exit
Select Cancel to withdraw their declined request
Withdrawing allows them to request access again.
​
Free Trials With Screening Questions and Approval
If a plan includes a Free Trial and the member is awaiting approval:
Their Free Trial does not start until the Host approves them
The trial begins only after the member is approved and confirms the purchase
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support