SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/gamification/how-do-i-add-custom-fields
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 13:18 UTC

How Do I Add Custom Fields? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Gamification
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
How to Create a Custom Field
Configuring Dropdown Fields
Configuring Text Fields
Setting Privacy Options
Making a Field Visible
Managing Custom Fields
Display Fields
Merging and Reordering Fields
Viewing Member Responses
Member Experience
Using Custom Fields in Automations
Search and Insights
Gamification
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
Custom Fields are available on the Launch plan and up. They help you gather key details about your members so you can create better experiences and foster stronger connections in your Mighty Network.
Custom Fields currently support dropdown , short text , and long text response types.
​
How to Create a Custom Field
To create a new Custom Field, go to Admin > Members > Custom Fields — the direct path is /admin/custom-fields — and select Create Field .
Then follow these steps:
Choose a response type Decide how members will respond: You can’t edit the response type after creating the field.
Dropdown — single or multi-select
Short text — up to 255 characters
Long text — up to 2,000 characters
Name and describe the field
Enter a Field name , which will appear on the member profile if you set the field to be visible.
Add a description that appears next to the input field.
Add placeholder text that appears when the field is empty.
Click Next: Configure to move to setup.
​
Configuring Dropdown Fields
If you select single or multi-select , you’ll see configuration options for dropdowns.
Response limits: For multi-select fields, set a response limit between 2 and 40 options.
Custom responses: Choose whether to allow members to add their own responses (up to 40 characters). Once added, custom responses appear as dropdown options for all members.
Dropdown options: Add up to 20 options when you first create the field. You can add more later—there’s no limit.
​
Configuring Text Fields
Short and long text fields don’t require additional configuration.Use short text for brief responses (1–255 characters) and long text for open-ended answers (1–2,000 characters).
​
Setting Privacy Options
For every Custom Field, you’ll configure privacy settings that determine who can view responses.These settings cannot be changed later.
Public: Everyone in the Network can see responses.
Private: Only Hosts, moderators, and the responding member can see responses.
Be mindful not to request sensitive information. All data collection must comply with Mighty Networks’ Terms and Conditions .
​
Making a Field Visible
After you create a field, it’s hidden by default.To make it visible, toggle Visible in the upper right corner of the field.
You’ll also have the option to notify all members . If enabled, members will receive an email and in-app notification letting them know a new field is available.
​
Managing Custom Fields
All of your fields appear in the Custom Fields list . From here, you can:
Edit a field
Change the Display Field
Hide or make a field visible
Delete a field
You can filter and sort the list by type, visibility, privacy, field name, or number of respondents.
And you can sort by the following:
Field Name (A to Z)
Field Name (Z to A)
Newest
Oldest
Display Order
​
Display Fields
The Display Field is the primary field that appears on member profiles and under the Explore filter in Global and Space Members.A star icon appears next to the current Display Field.
Only public single-select fields can be set as the Display Field.
To change it:
Open the three-dot menu next to the current Display Field and select Remove as Display Field .
Choose another eligible field and set it as the Display Field.
​
Merging and Reordering Fields
Merge options: If you allow custom responses for dropdowns, you can merge duplicate or similar responses. Go to Edit Custom Field > Merge Option Into… to combine them.
Reorder fields: Change the order in which fields appear on member profiles by going to Members > Reorder Custom Fields .
​
Viewing Member Responses
To review responses:
From the Custom Fields list , open the three-dot menu next to a field and select Edit Custom Field . Then click the Responses tab.
You can also view and filter responses in the Member List under Admin > Members > Member List .
​
Member Experience
Members will see Custom Fields when editing their profile or by going to Personal Settings > Account > Private Responses.
You can also choose to notify them of new fields when they are created. The notifications will take them directly to their profile where they can fill out their answers.
After they select their response and click “Save”, they will see the response on their profile.
If they click on their response > See Members , they will see a list of the members who selected the same response.
​
Using Custom Fields in Automations
Custom Fields can be used in Automations , which combine a Trigger and an Action .
You can trigger actions when a member:
Responds to a Custom Field , or
Removes a response to a Custom Field.
To learn more, check out this article How Can I Set Up Automations?
​
Search and Insights
Search: Members can use the global search bar to find others who selected the same dropdown responses, including both predefined and custom ones.
Mighty Insights™: Use the Custom Fields dashboard in Mighty Insights™ to see data such as total respondents, field types, visibility, and privacy settings. You can also open a Detail Dashboard for deeper insights.
Looking for ideas? Check out our Guide to Custom Fields 101.
Need a guide for your members on how to edit, access, and manage Custom Fields? Click here.
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support