SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/marketing-features/does-mighty-networks-have-built-in-affiliates
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 13:18 UTC

Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Marketing Features
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
How to Set Up Affiliate Integrations on Mighty
How to Set Up Your Integration
How It Works
Using Affiliate Programs with Off-Platform Payments
Frequently Asked Questions
Marketing Features
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
​
How to Set Up Affiliate Integrations on Mighty
On the Scale Plan ** and up**, you can set up a paid affiliate integration for your Mighty Network.
Go to Admin > Integrations > Affiliate Programs to get started.
Mighty integrates directly with Rootabl and Rewardful , two affiliate platforms that make it easy to track and reward referrals for your paid plans.
Both integrations work if you’re taking payments on Mighty through a Stripe account , and they only track purchases made on the web (purchases made via iOS or Android will not be credited).
If a member upgrades, downgrades, or changes plans, both integrations continue to track the revenue associated with that member.
Commissions automatically update based on the new subscription price, following your rules in Rootabl or Rewardful.
If a member pays in installments, the payout schedule is managed through your settings on the affiliate platform.
[ Note: if you take payments off-platform and are interested in using a paid affiliate program, check out the options below. ]( https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/payments-and-access/can-i-take-payments-off-platform )
​
How to Set Up Your Integration
Setup is quick:
Go to Admin > Integrations > Affiliate Programs .
Paste your personalized Rootabl or Rewardful ID into Mighty.
Share your plan links with affiliates.
You can manage affiliate payouts, rules, and campaigns directly within Rootabl or Rewardful.
Learn how to connect and use Rootabl , check out this article .
Learn how to connect and use Rewardful , check out this article .
The campaigns you set up in either Rootabl or Rewardful will allow you to specify the affiliate payouts that you’d like to offer for each specific plan.
​
How It Works
You define affiliate payouts in Rootabl or Rewardful for each plan.
Mighty’s plan share links can be visible or hidden (External or Internal).
Only new members to your Mighty Network are credited as eligible referrals.
You can use one paid affiliate integration at a time, but you can also use it alongside Mighty’s free Ambassador Program .
​
Using Affiliate Programs with Off-Platform Payments
If you take payments outside Mighty, you can connect your preferred affiliate service directly to that payment platform.
Options to explore:
Rootabl (also supports off-platform payments)
Rewardful(also supports off-platform payments)
ThriveCart
Affiliatly
After a member purchases externally, send them a hidden plan invite to your Mighty Network.​ Learn more about setting up plans for off-platform payments.
​
Frequently Asked Questions
Which Mighty Plans can use the new Affiliate integrations?
The Rootabl and Rewardful integrations are available for Hosts on the Scale plan and up.
Do my affiliates have to be my members?
Nope! You can build an affiliate network that goes beyond your members on Mighty. They don’t have to be members IN your Mighty Network to refer people TO your Mighty Network.
Can I use these programs if I run payments off-platform?
No, you need to run web payments through Mighty in order for these integrations to work.
Are affiliate programs part of my Mighty subscription or are they an additional fee?
These are integrations, so you’ll need to subscribe to additional software to use them. Rootabl offers a special discount for Mighty Hosts , and Rewardful’s pricing can be explored here .
Can I use both Mighty’s Ambassador program and one of the affiliate partners?
Launch Plans and up can enable the Ambassador program to provide members with their own unique links to earn Bronze, Silver and Gold badges as they invite more members.
The paid affiliate integrations can be used in parallel with the Ambassador program if desired—but the two things use different links for referring members, so your affiliates’ Rootabl links won’t count towards Ambassador levels and vice versa.
​
One idea: Your top Ambassadors can then be invited into a paid affiliate program as a reward, to keep their momentum going.
What if someone has cookies disabled?
To adhere to privacy regulations, referrals are not tracked/applied for prospective members with cookies disabled.
What if someone changes their email address?
Both Rootabl and Rewardful affiliate links remain functional even if Host or member emails are changed.
Are multiple currencies supported?
Rootabl currently only shows charges and commissions in USD. Affiliates can be paid out commissions in their preferred currency (any currency supported by Stripe).
Learn more about currencies on Rewardful.
Can I share free plan links with these affiliate integrations?
Affiliates can share free plans and they will be able to see who they have referred.
On Rootabl, they will only receive commission rewards upon purchase.
What if a prospective member is referred by multiple affiliates?
Rootabl allows Hosts to determine if they’d prefer first or last-click attribution for prospective members.
Rewardful credits the last affiliate link followed by the prospective members.
How do affiliate payouts work with plan trials?
Hosts can specify a duration on Rootabl for extended trial lengths (before crediting the referrer), however on Mighty, this length is limited to 90 days maximum (after which the referral will no longer be credited).
On Rewardful, they will only receive commission rewards upon purchase.
How do refunds work with affiliates?
On Rootabl, refunds within 29 days are automatically tracked through Stripe and do not earn a commission.
If the refund window is 30 days or longer, Mighty Hosts need to reach out to Rootabl to extend the payout settings, as commissions are frozen and withdrawn 30 days after purchase to pay out affiliates.
Please refer to Rewardful’s refund policies .
How are taxes handled?
Rootabl takes care of your entire payout system, including reporting, tax document collection, and paying out affiliates in their preferred currency and location. This is done with a small fee on top of commissions. Learn more here.
Please refer to Rewardful’s tax policy .
Can I use both Mighty’s Ambassador program and one of the affiliate programs?
Yes! Launch plans and up can enable the Ambassador program to provide members with their own unique links to earn Bronze, Silver and Gold badges as they invite more members.
Paid affiliate programs can be used in parallel with the Ambassador program if a Host would like to do so.
Can I use multiple affiliate programs at once?
Only one paid affiliate integration at a time can be active on a Mighty Network.
I use a different affiliate program, will you be adding support for it?
We’ll be evaluating Host feedback as we consider adding support for additional affiliate programs.
Do plan links shared with integrated affiliate programs work if I use SSO (Single Sign-On) on my Mighty Network?
Yes!
What is the People Explorer?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support