SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/content-and-messaging/how-do-i-create-an-article-in-my-mighty-network
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 13:18 UTC

How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
What You Can Do with Articles
How to Enable Articles in a Space
How to Create an Article
Adding a Primary Image or Video
Adding Rich Media and more Upload
Insert
Style
Layout
Formatting Text
Managing Sections
Posting Articles
Notify All
Schedule an Article How to Schedule an Article
Managing Scheduled Posts
Managing Articles
Turning on or off Comments
Moving an Article to Another Space
Duplicating an Article
Working with Drafts
Bookmark a Post
Sharing Content from Your Mighty Network
How to Share a Post
Editing the Photo or Text That Appears When Sharing
Make it Better (AI Feature)
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
Articles in your Mighty Network are like rich blog posts. You can use them to share updates, stories, or long-form content with your members.
​
What You Can Do with Articles
Articles are flexible posts that can include:
Formatted text (with headers, quotes, links, and more)
Photos and embedded videos from YouTube, Vimeo, Loom, and Facebook
Audio tracks, playlists, and other rich media embeds
File attachments (up to 250MB per file). As a Host, you can decide if you want your members to upload 250MB or keep them at a smaller file upload limit: 25MB. You can make this decision in Admin > Member Settings
Once your Article is published, you can:
Feature it in your Featured Section
Add it to your Welcome Checklist to guide new members
​
How to Enable Articles in a Space
You’ll need to enable Articles in each Space where you want to use them.
Go to the Space where you want to enable Articles.
Select the Manage button > Space Features > Feed > Manage.
Toggle Articles on.
From here, you can also choose who can create Articles:
Hosts and moderators only , or
All members
​
How to Create an Article
Select the Create button.
On web, this button appears at the top of the page.
Choose Article.
Add your title, text, images, or embeds.
Select Post when you’re ready to share it.
You can add:
Unlimited photos
One uploaded video
Embedded videos (YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook, and more)
Media embeds like Spotify, Typeform, or SoundCloud
File attachments (individual files are limited to 25MB each)
​
Adding a Primary Image or Video
First, you will add a hero image or video URL at the top.
This is what will appear in the Feed and displays independently from what’s in the body of your Article.
Recommended image size: 2560 x 1440 pixels (16:9 ratio)​ Supported video platforms: YouTube, Vimeo, Loom, and more​ Supported video platforms: YouTube, Vimeo, Loom, and more
To delete or change media, select Edit and use the trash icon.
​
Adding Rich Media and more
By typing ”/” or selecting the ”+” icon you will see a menu appear:
In this menu you can:
​
Upload
Images
Videos
Video Link
File
​
Insert
Embed
@ Mention
Add hashtags
Add emojis
Section dividers
​
Style
Add headers (five options available)
Bulleted or numbered lists
Quotes (three options available)
Code block
​
Layout
2 Columns
To style the two columns, you can access the ”/” menu inside each column.
​
Formatting Text
Highlight any text in the editor and you will see quick formatting options:
Text
Add headers (five options available)
Bulleted or numbered lists
Quotes (three options available)
Code block
Apply bold , italic , underline, or strikethrough
Add code, hyperlinks or change text color and highlight color
In more options, you can align on the page or change the font size even further.
​
Managing Sections
In the dotted menu, you can easily move, duplicate and copy sections.
​
Posting Articles
When you finish creating an Article, select Post in the upper-right corner to publish it. Before you publish, you’ll see notification options, including Notify All .
​
Notify All
If you select Notify All , every member with notifications enabled will receive an immediate push notification and email when your Article is published. Use this option for important or time-sensitive updates that all members should see.
​
Schedule an Article
You can also schedule an Article to publish at a later date and time. This feature is available on desktop and can be used for any content type, including Posts , Articles , Events , Polls , and Questions .
To schedule an Article, you must be the Space Host or Space moderator .
​
How to Schedule an Article
On web, open your Article draft.
Select the down arrow next to Post .
Choose Schedule Post and set your date and time.
When you schedule an Article, you’ll also see an option to Notify All Members when it goes live.
If you enable this, all members will receive a notification as soon as the Article is published.
If you don’t, the Article will appear in the feed, and members can find it through search or any hashtags you’ve added.
As the Host who scheduled the Article, you’ll also receive your own notification when it publishes. This includes:
A bell notification inside your Mighty Network
A mobile push notification (if you’ve enabled push notifications)
​
Managing Scheduled Posts
You can view and manage all scheduled content, including Articles:
Select your profile picture.
Choose Scheduled Posts .
From here, you can:
View all upcoming scheduled posts from any Host or moderator.
Open a post to edit its content or scheduled time.
Use the three-dot menu to Move or Delete a post.
​
Managing Articles
​
Turning on or off Comments
You can turn comments on or off at any time.
Who can control comments:
Network Hosts and moderators: on any post in their Network or Space
Members: only on posts they’ve created
How to toggle comments:
Open the three-dot menu on the post.
Select Enable Comments (toggle on to allow and off to not allow).
Turning comments off hides existing comments but doesn’t delete them—they’ll reappear if you turn comments back on.
​
Moving an Article to Another Space
Open the three-dot menu on the Article.
Select Move.
Choose the Space you want to move it to and select Continue.
The destination Space must have Feed and Articles enabled.
Choose whether to keep the post’s interactions and select Move.
If your Article includes media embeds, they won’t count twice toward your storage.
​
Duplicating an Article
To duplicate an existing Article:
Select the three-dot menu in the Article.
Choose Duplicate Article.
You’ll receive a push notification when duplication is complete. Selecting that notification takes you directly to the copy so you can update its title and content.
​
Working with Drafts
Your drafts are auto-saved while you’re working.
To access drafts:
Click your Profile Image > Saved Drafts on web.
Open your draft to continue editing or copy its URL to share with another Host.
Note: Changes to already published Articles aren’t auto-saved to drafts.
​
Bookmark a Post
It’s easy to bookmark content! Whether it’s an Article, Post, Section, Lesson, Quiz, or Event, you can save it to revisit later. Just follow these steps:
Click the three-dot menu on the content.
Select “Bookmark.”
​
Sharing Content from Your Mighty Network
When your Mighty Network’s privacy setting is set to “ Anyone can view content inside ” , you and your members can share any Post , Article , Event , Question , or Poll publicly.
​
How to Share a Post
Click the three-dot menu on the post you want to share.
Select Share .
Choose one of the sharing options:
Share directly to Facebook , Twitter , or LinkedIn
Create an email with a link to the content
Copy the link to share anywhere else
If your Mighty Network is set to “Only logged-in members can see the content,” the share options will include only:
Create an email with the link, or
Copy the link
In this case, the content is only visible to logged-in members of your Network or the specific Space.
​
Editing the Photo or Text That Appears When Sharing
When sharing content publicly from a Mighty Network or Space that’s viewable to non-members, the shared link automatically includes a preview image and snippet of text .
This preview is generated through a third-party service and cannot be edited directly .If you update the post’s photo, that change should be reflected in the shared link preview as well.
​
Make it Better (AI Feature)
This is an AI feature , that will help improve your writing.
Selecting the sparkle icon will allow you to:
Fix spelling and grammar
Shorten or elaborate
Adjust tone (Casual, Fun, Professional, Sincere, or Witty)
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support