SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/admin-and-moderation/How-Do-I-View-as-a-Member
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 12:58 UTC

How Do I View As A Member? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Admin and Moderation
How Do I View As A Member?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
Why Use Member View?
View as a Specific Member
What You Can and Can’t Do in the Specific Member View You can:
You can’t:
View as a Plan Member Simulated plan members:
How to View as a Plan Member
View a Plan Join Flow How to View as Plan Join Flow
Configure Your Join Flow Preview Member type
Join Flow Starting point
Known Limitations
Admin and Moderation
How Do I View As A Member?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
Member view (available on the Launch plan and up ) lets you preview your Mighty Network from different member perspectives so you can confirm what people see and access.
Member view consists of three preview experiences:
View as a specific member
View as a plan member
View a plan join flow
These tools help you understand how access, plans, and onboarding appear to members across your Network.
Member view is available on web and is designed for Network Hosts .
​
Why Use Member View?
Member view helps you verify that your Network experience works exactly as intended.
You can use it to:
Confirm what members can access based on their plan
Troubleshoot questions about gated content
Check visibility across Spaces and Collections
Preview promotional banners or targeted content
Validate plan setup before sharing a plan
Resolve member support questions faster
View as specific member and view as plan member are read-only , which protects member privacy while letting you explore the Network from their perspective.
​
View as a Specific Member
To preview your Network as a member:
Go to Admin > Members
Select the member you want to view as.
Click the **three dot menu > **“View as [Member Name, e.g., Bob]”.
You can also find this three dot menu on:
The member detail page
Member profiles
When you view as the member, you will see a bar at the top of your screen.
Selecting the dropdown will allow you to switch between available members:
When you’re finished, click “Exit” in the upper right corner to return to your account.
Important note: If you are logged into a different account on the same browser (but a different tab), it will disrupt the member view experience. We recommend opening up a new browser window before viewing as a member.
​
What You Can and Can’t Do in the Specific Member View
​
You can:
Navigate your Network as that member
View Spaces, Collections, and content available to them
Confirm plan-based access and visibility
Confirm notification settings
​
You can’t:
Send messages or access direct messages
Post, comment, react, or edit content
Make purchases or join spaces
Change account settings
View sensitive information such as payment details
View as Network moderators
View as members who haven’t accepted our terms of use (see screenshot)
​
View as a Plan Member
This option lets you preview your Network as a member who has joined a specific plan .
Mighty generates a simulated plan member , which shows exactly what someone on that plan would experience after joining.
This is useful when you want to confirm:
which Spaces the plan unlocks
how gated content appears
what members can access after purchase
Like the specific member view, this experience is read-only .
​
Simulated plan members:
Do not appear in your Network
Do not trigger automations
Do not appear in analytics or queries
Are automatically removed after use
​
How to View as a Plan Member
Go to Admin > Plans and Access > Plans .
Find the plan you want to preview.
Select the three-dot menu .
Select View as Plan Member .
You can also access this option from the plan detail page .
While viewing the preview, use the dropdown at the top of the screen to:
switch between plans
switch to viewing your Network as a specific member
​
View a Plan Join Flow
This option lets you preview the full join experience for a plan.
You can simulate how someone joins a plan, including:
free plans
paid plans
gated plans
plans that grant access to Spaces or the Network.
​
How to View as Plan Join Flow
Go to Admin > Plans and Access > Plans .
Select the three-dot menu next to the plan.
Select View as Plan Join Flow .
You can also access this option from the plan detail page .
Note: You must first generate a share link for the plan.
​
Configure Your Join Flow Preview
When starting the preview, select:
​
Member type
New member
Start as a Visitor and experience the full sign-up flow
Full member
Start as an existing member of your Network and experience purchasing this plan.
Note: Viewing as a full member includes Network access, even if the plan only includes a Space.
To test a limited member experience , select:
Go to a plan that grants access only to a Space or Spaces
View As Plan Member
Select:
New member
Whatever checkout starting point you would like
​
Join Flow Starting point
You can preview the flow from different steps:
Plan Landing Page
Create Account (Full members go directly to gates: screening questions, approvals or payment)
Sign In (Full members go directly to gates: screening questions, approvals or payment)
During the preview, you can select Skip this Step to move forward in the flow.
Additionally, in the plan detail page you will see quick links beneath each of your share links so you can view the join flow as a new or a Full Member.
​
Known Limitations
Some actions aren’t available during join flow preview.
These include:
Entering promo codes
Payment form interaction
Signing out
Switching plans mid-flow
Email verification
Multi-Factor Authentication
Logging in with Social Sign On (google, facebook, etc.)
Signing in
Logging in with single sign-on (SSO)*
Exiting the plan flow\
For Networks using SSO , you’ll see a screen indicating where SSO login appears during account creation.
For Networks with GDPR requirements , you’ll see the Terms of Use screen that members must accept during signup
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
What is the Member Detail Page?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support