SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/payments-and-access/what-is-a-full-vs-limited-membership
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 12:58 UTC

What is a Full vs. Limited Membership? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Payments and Access
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
Why Use Limited Memberships
How Limited Members Join Spaces
What Limited Members See Check out this video on how to set up limited memberships:
Below is a detailed guide to the features accessible to each member type: Available Network-Level Actions
Network Navigation
Profile Features & Personal Settings
Inside a Space with Membership
Payments and Access
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
Full memberships provide access to your entire Network , while limited memberships offer access to a specific set of Spaces and features.
Whether someone becomes a full or limited member depends on what their plans give access to.​
Limited memberships let you offer a standalone experience—such as a course, live event, or lead magnet—inside a single Space or a bundle of Spaces, without unlocking your full Network.​
​
Why Use Limited Memberships
By restricting access to Network-level Global Features —including private messaging, the Global Feed, or Global Members—you can:
Keep your broader community gated, exclusive, or reserved for paying members.
Use individual Spaces as entry points to introduce new people to your work.
Sell standalone programs or experiences while keeping your full community experience separate for those on a higher-tier plan.​
​
How Limited Members Join Spaces
Important: Limited members can only join Spaces through paid plans. This means:
Invites do not grant access to limited members for Spaces
“Anyone Can Join” settings do not apply to limited members for Spaces
Limited members must have a valid payment for a plan that includes the Space in order to access it
This restriction ensures that limited memberships remain properly gated and prevents unintended access escalation.
​
What Limited Members See
Here’s an example of what the limited member experience can look like:
​
Check out this video on how to set up limited memberships:
For more details on setting up plans, check out this article .
​
Below is a detailed guide to the features accessible to each member type:
Important notes:
If you set your Network Privacy & Access settings to “anyone can view content inside the Network, ” these definitions may shift because a limited member can see what a visitor/non-member sees (e.g. Collections with Spaces that anyone in the Network can see, promoted Spaces, etc.).
If you demote a full member to a limited member (by removing the Network from any of the Spaces they are on) they will lose access to their private chats and any of the Global Features. If you add the Network back and restore them to full membership, then they will be able to access their previous chat messages.
Limited members cannot become Space Hosts or Space moderators.
​
Available Network-Level Actions
Feature Limited Member Full Network Member Download and use the iOS or Android app ✅ ✅ Receive badges ✅ ✅ Track streaks ✅ ✅ See the Network logo or global header brand ✅ ✅ See the Network About Page ✅ ✅ Send and receive private messages (including those sent via automation) ❌ ✅ See and complete the Welcome Checklist ❌ ✅ Use global Network Search ❌ ✅ Receive Network-level notifications (for example, about a global livestream) ❌ ✅ Use the Ambassador Program to refer Network members ❌ ✅ Earn points ❌ ✅ Send and receive recognitions ❌ ✅
​
Network Navigation
Feature Limited Member Full Network Member See Spaces where they are a member ✅ ✅ See global navigation features ❌ ✅ See custom navigation links ❌ ✅ See Collections ❌ ✅
​
Profile Features & Personal Settings
Feature Limited Member Full Network Member Have a profile with photo ✅ ✅ Fill in the mini bio ✅ ✅ Fill in custom fields ✅ ✅ Add a location ✅ ✅ Earn badges ✅ ✅ See their people explorer ✅ ✅ See their list of Space memberships ✅ ✅ Manage account details, notification preferences, and streaks calendar in personal settings ✅ ✅ See the introduction (or About Me) field ❌ ✅ See their referrals ❌ ✅
​
Inside a Space with Membership
Feature Limited Member Full Network Member See and interact with all features enabled in the Space ✅ ✅ Receive notifications related to activity in the Space ✅ ✅ Use search within the Space ✅ ✅ Attend livestreams in the Space ✅ ✅ Bookmark content in the Space ✅ ✅ See profiles of other members in the same Space ✅ ✅ See the activity of other members in the same Space ✅ ✅ Follow other members in the same Space ❌ ✅ Private message other members in the same Space ❌ ✅ See similarities with other members in the same Space ❌ ✅ See other people in the same Space with the same badge ❌ ✅ See other people in the same Space with the same custom field ❌ ✅
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support