SOURCE: https://docs.mightynetworks.com/for-hosts/payments-and-access/how-do-i-create-a-plan
FETCHED: 2026-08-18 13:17 UTC

How Do I Create a Plan? - Mighty Networks Developer
Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
Mighty Networks Developer home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant
Search...
Navigation
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
For Hosts
For Members
API Guides
Headless API
Admin API
Meet Mighty
Watch a Full Tour of a Mighty Network
What is Mighty Community?
Who Founded Mighty Networks?
Which Mighty Network Plan is Right For You?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Explore Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Launch Plan?
What's Included in the Mighty Networks Scale Plan?
What’s Included in the Mighty Networks Growth Plan?
What is Mighty Pro?
Does Mighty Networks Offer a Free Trial?
What Kind of Support Does Mighty Networks Offer?
Latest Product Updates
Product Updates Archive
Legacy Plans
Setting Up Your Network
How Do I Set Up My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Help?
How Do I Chat with Cohost?
What is the People Magic GPT?
What is Community Design™?
How Do I Set Up the Basics for My Network?
How Do I Edit My Mighty Profile?
How Do I Set Up My Network Branding?
How Do I Set Up My Space Branding?
How Do I Create and Manage My Collections?
How Do I Create and Manage My Spaces?
What Kinds of Space Templates are Available?
How Do I Add and Manage Features in a Space?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for My Network?
How Do I Set the Privacy Settings for a Space?
What is the Feed and How Does It Work?
What are Global Features?
Can I Customize the Navigation in My Mighty Network?
Can I Customize the Landing Space for My Members?
Does Mighty Networks Have an App?
What Are Promoted Spaces?
How Do I Set Up a Welcome Checklist?
How Do I Find the About Page for My Space or Mighty Network?
What's The Discovery Feature?
What Do Member Profiles Include in My Mighty Network?
Marketing Features
How Can I Customize My Mighty Networks Landing Page?
What AI Features Does Mighty Networks Have?
How Do I Segment My Members with Audiences?
How Do I Set Up Promotional Banners in My Network?
What is the People Explorer?
Does Mighty Networks Have Built-In Affiliates?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network with Rootabl?
Can I Integrate My Mighty Network With Rewardful?
How Do I Create an Email Newsletter?
Can I Add Marketing Pixels to My Mighty Network?
How Can I Easily Re Engage My Members?
How Do I Use the Mighty Networks Ambassador Program?
How Does SEO Work for My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
What is a Full vs. Limited Membership?
Can I Set Up Required Questions and Approval for Access?
How Do I Manage My Plans?
How Do I Manage Spaces in a Plan?
How Do I Set Up Promo Codes?
How Do I Set Up Installment Plans and Subscription Intervals?
How Do I Create a Subscription Group?
Can I Have a Plan with No Payment Gate?
Can I Take Payments Off Platform?
Can I Charge in Multiple Currencies?
What Currencies Can I Charge in On Mighty Networks?
Can I Offer a Free Trial on a Mighty Network?
How Do Members Purchase Access?
How Do Members Move Between Plans?
How Do I Create a Waitlist?
Can I Change My Prices?
How Do I Gate Access to All or Parts of My Mighty Network?
How Much Do People Charge, on Average, on Mighty Networks?
How Do I Connect and Disconnect Stripe to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Get Paid?
How Do Taxes Work With My Mighty Network?
What Happens When a Member Cancels or Requests a Refund
What Happens When Members Are Past Due on Their Payments?
How Can I Move Paying Members from Another Platform to Mighty Networks?
(Pro) How to Remove a Plan From Sale on App Store Connect
How Do I Switch My Space Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Switch My Network Between Plans, Invite-Only, and Anyone Can Join?
How Do I Set a Default Plan for Invites? [Beta]
How Do I Invite People to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Invite Directly to a Plan?
How Do I Invite Members to a Space?
How Do I Give Access to Spaces and Not the Network?
How Do I Directly Add Existing Members to My Network or Spaces?
How Do I Manage My Leads?
Does Mighty Networks Charge a Transaction Fee?
Can I Set Up Age Verification In my Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Token-Gated Plan?
How Do I Manage Members’ Access to Spaces and the Network?
How Do I Set Up a Space That Full Members Can Join but Limited Members Must Pay For?
Courses
How Do I Build a Course in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Organize My Course With Overviews, Sections, and Lessons?
How Do I Add a Quiz to My Course?
What Kind of Media Can I Upload Into a Course?
How Do I Track Member Completion and Progress?
How Do I Generate Completion Certificates?
How Do I Make a Habit Tracker for My Members?
Events and Livestream
How Do I Create Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Zoom Events on Mighty Networks?
Can I Create Recurring Events in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Livestream in My Network?
How Do I Post a Livestream Replay?
Can I Have Multiple Speakers During a Livestream?
How Do I Schedule a Livestream Event?
How Do I Add Special Effects to My Livestream?
How Do I Manage RSVPs and Event Attendees?
Can I Charge for Events on a Mighty Network?
Is There a Calendar View for Events?
How Do I Create a Text Chat Event?
How Do I Upload Native Videos to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Troubleshoot Video Upload Issues in a Mighty Network?
Automations
What Automations Do I Get on My Plan?
How Can I Set Up Automations in My Mighty Network?
Gamification
How Does Gamification Work in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Add Custom Badges and Tags for My Members?
How Do I Add Custom Fields?
Admin and Moderation
How Do I Manage My Admin Settings?
How Do I View and Manage My Members?
How Do I View As A Member?
What is the Member Detail Page?
What Permissions Do Network Hosts and Network Moderators Have?
What Permissions Do Space Hosts and Space Moderators Have?
What Content and Moderation Tools Do I Have in My Mighty Network?
How Do Members Block or Report Others?
How Does Search Work?
Can I Use My Own Web Domain with Mighty Networks?
Can I Change the Default mn.co Domain?
Can I Customize My Email Domain?
Can I Customize the Names of Hosts, Moderators and Members?
How Do I Customize My Member Support?
How Do I Reset My Password?
How Do I Downgrade or Cancel My Plan?
Analytics and Integrations
What is Mighty Insights™?
Can I Download Reports From My Mighty Insights™?
Does Mighty Networks Integrate with Google Analytics?
Does Mighty Networks have an API?
Does Mighty Networks Support MCP Connections?
Can I Use Zapier with Mighty Networks?
How Do I Enable SSO for My Mighty Network?
Can I Download My Member Data?
Do I Own My Data and Members on My Mighty Network?
Does Mighty Networks have Language Localization?
Vibe Coding on Mighty
How Do I Embed a Shopify Buy Button in My Mighty Network?
Content and Messaging
How Do I Create an Article in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create a Post in My Mighty Network?
Can I Use External Embeds?
Can I Use GIFs in My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create Polls & Questions In My Mighty Network?
How Do I Create and Manage Featured and Welcome Sections?
What's An Icebreaker Question and How Do I Set One Up in My Mighty Network?
How Do Introductions Posts Work?
How Do I Use the Infinite Question Engine?
How Does Chat Work in a Mighty Network?
How Do I Manage My Chat Messages?
How Do I Welcome New Members?
How Do I Message Members in a Space?
How Do I Message Members in My Network?
How Do Hashtags Work in My Mighty Network?
What Notifications Do My Members Get?
How Do I Move Content Between Spaces?
What Notifications Will I Get as a Host?
What's the Daily Digest?
Can I View My Mighty Network in Dark Mode?
How Do Storage, Engagement Boosts and Livestreaming Limits Work?
Additional Embeds
How Can I Make My Mighty Network More Accessible to the Visually Impaired?
How Do I Enable Desktop Notifications?
How Does the Delphi Embed Work?
Privacy, Security & Accessibility
Can I Add My Own Custom Terms of Use to My Mighty Network?
How Do I Enable Multi-Factor Authentication and Email Verification?
What's Mighty Networks' Privacy Policy?
How Does Mighty Networks Approach Accessibility?
Data Security at Mighty Networks
The UK Online Safety Act
Is Mighty Networks GDPR and CCPA Compliant?
The EU Consumer Rights Directive — Cancellation Rights
On this page
Before You Start Looking for guidance? Chat with Cohost!
Create a New Plan
Step 1: Choose What’s Included
Step 2: Fill in the Details
Step 3: Choose Your Gates
Step 4: Set Pricing
Step 5: Choose Platforms You can also add:
Step 6: Taxes and Payouts
Step 7: Finish and Share
Visibility
Sharing Invite to Plan
Share Link
Plan Landing Page
Skip the Landing Page
Redirect to Sign In
Redirect to Create Account
Have Questions?
Payments and Access
How Do I Create a Plan?
Copy page Copy page
Copy page Copy page
Plans offer the most options and flexibility for gating access to your Mighty Network, Spaces, or both.
Use plans if you want to require people to do one or more of the following when joining:
Pay (Payments gate)
Answer questions (Screening Questions gate)
Request approval (Approval gate)
Or a set of Spaces in a Collection
You can set where plans appear for people to join , or choose to make them accessible by a link only and share that link with specific groups of people.
​
Before You Start
Decide how you want to sell access to your courses, events, or experiences. Check out Mighty Networks’ recommendations before creating your first plan.
​
Looking for guidance? Chat with Cohost!
Cohost can help you with:
Naming
Pricing
Gates
Sales Pitch
Benefits List
Descriptions
It will even create the Plan for you!
​
Create a New Plan
Go to Admin > Plans & Access > Plan List .
Click the Create Plan button in the top-right corner to create a new plan.
This is the first screen you will see:
​
Step 1: Choose What’s Included
Network Access:
Members get full access to your entire Network, including private messaging and all Spaces.
Space Access
Members get access to just one Space or a bundle of Spaces —perfect for courses, paid communities, or special events.
Finally, decide where members will land after they join the plan.
​
Step 2: Fill in the Details
Plan Name: The name people will see when joining.
Internal Note: Only visible to Hosts and helpful for tracking similar plans. This is also useful when filtering plan data in Mighty Insights™ .
Image or Video: Adding an image or video makes your plan look dynamic and appealing, and this image will appear in any prompts to join the plan as well as the top of the plan page
Sales Pitch: A short tagline that appears alongside the plan name to explain why people should join this plan. (120 characters max).
Benefits List: This list highlights the benefits your members receive or the access they will get when they join or purchase this plan. We recommend adding at least three!
Description: Explain what’s included, who it’s for, and why it’s valuable. You can add text, links, or images.
If you don’t add a custom description, the plan will automatically use the existing description from your Network or Space.
​
Step 3: Choose Your Gates
On the next screen, you’ll see the ability to add gates.
Enabling any of the options listed will take you through a flow to customize and set up those gates.
Screening Questions: Ask up to 5 questions before someone can join.
Approval: Require Host approval before joining.
Payments: Charge for access using Stripe .
Web3 Token Gating: Require a specific crypto token for access.
If you leave all gates off, anyone can join your plan in one simple step—no payment, questions, or approval needed.
​
Step 4: Set Pricing
If you add a payment gate, choose one of these options:
Free: Open to everyone (shows “Free” label). If you don’t want “Free” to appear and you don’t want to charge for access, we recommend going back one step and turning off the Payments gate.
One-Time Payment: Members pay once for lifetime access.
Subscription: Charge on a recurring basis (daily, monthly, annually, etc.).
You have the option to offer members a recurring subscription they can cancel anytime (daily, weekly, monthly, annually, etc…). You can have two subscription interval options set up per plan. Learn more .
Members retain access to what’s included in the plan as long as they continue paying for the subscription.
When you offer both a monthly and annual subscription, we recommend giving members a discount for choosing the annual option, and the savings will be clearly shown.
All interval options are available on web and mobile web. Only monthly and annually are available on iOS.
Installments: Split a one-time payment into multiple charges.
This setup allows a one-time purchase plan to be split into multiple payments. Learn more .
Combine Offers: Show two options side by side (for example, monthly vs. annual). Learn more .
​
Step 5: Choose Platforms
Decide where your plan will be available:
Web:
Charge up to $10,000 per plan (or more if processed off-platform ).
iOS:
iOS plan prices must be chosen from Apple’s preset list, which ends in 999 . Apple charges a 15% fee on all in-app purchases made through the Mighty Networks iOS app .
All payments are processed and managed through the App Store —Mighty Networks does not charge any extra transaction fees.
Each plan goes through Apple’s review process before it’s approved; you’ll get an email notification once approved.
You can increase your iOS price to offset Apple’s required fees if desired.
If you’re on Mighty Pro with your own branded app, our team will guide you through a different setup process for iOS purchases.
Note: Apple automatically converts currency based on the buyer’s location. Choose from preset prices (up to $999).
Android
Paid plans can be promoted, but purchases happen on the web.
​
You can also add:
Free Trials:
Offer a 3-day to 1-year trial. Learn more .
Subscription Groups: Connect related subscription plans so members can easily switch between them.
Within a group, members can browse a carousel of available plans and, if you’ve offered multiple billing intervals, choose the one that works best for them. Learn more .
​
Step 6: Taxes and Payouts
Payments from the web go straight to your Stripe account .
Payments from iOS are handled by Apple, and Mighty Networks sends payouts monthly.
If using Quaderno , you can set a tax category for automatic tax handling. Learn more .
If you are on Mighty Pro with your own branded apps , the Apple payout process will be different, and iOS purchases will flow directly into the bank account you have connected to your Apple Developer Account. Learn more
​
Step 7: Finish and Share
Once you’ve created your plan, you’ll see a preview of how it will look to your members.
Click Create Plan .
Then, go to Admin > Plans & Access > Plan List > (select your plan) > Visibility & Sharing to choose where your plan appears and how you want to share it.
​
Visibility
If the plan includes access to the Network , you’ll see the option to make it visible in places like the Network About Page.
If the plan includes access to a Space or bundle of Spaces , you’ll see the option to make it visible on the Collection where the Space lives, or on the Space About Page.
To learn more, check out this article .
​
Sharing
​
Invite to Plan
These invites are one-time use, and cannot be used again once an account has been created. Learn more
​
Share Link
Creating a share link gives you a direct way to share your plan. You’ll see two or three link options, depending on what’s included or if the plan combines multiple offers.
​
Plan Landing Page
Takes people to a detailed page showing the plan’s name, image, benefits, description, and a call to action depending on whether payment is required.
​
Skip the Landing Page
Takes people straight to a flow where they can either Sign In (if they already have an account) or Create an Account (if they’re new).
​
Redirect to Sign In
This link will skip the landing page and go directly to the Sign In page before someone joins the plan:
​
Redirect to Create Account
This link will skip the landing page and go direct to the Create Account page before someone joins the plan:
To learn more about how members purchase plans, check out this article .
​
Have Questions?
Reach out to our team in the “Need Help” button in the lower right corner of your Mighty Network.
Does Mighty Networks Have an Affiliate Program?
How Do I Choose Where Plans Appear?
⌘ I
x linkedin instagram
Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
Contact support